FIX adapt epsilon value depending of the dtype of the input (#24354)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.2.rst

  scores will all be set to the maximum possible rank.
  :pr:`24543` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

- |Enhancement| The default of `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss` is will change

>   from `1e-15` to `"auto"` that default to `np.finfo(y_pred.dtype).eps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  from `1e-15` to `"auto"` that defaults to `np.finfo(y_pred.dtype).eps`.
```

- |Fix| Allows `csr_matrix` as input for parameter: `y_true` of
   the :func:`metrics.label_ranking_average_precision_score` metric.
   :pr:`23442` by :user:`Sean Atukorala <ShehanAT>`

- |Fix| :func:`metrics.ndcg_score` will now trigger a warning when the `y_true`
  value contains a negative value. Users may still use negative values, but the
  result may not be between 0 and 1. Starting in v1.4, passing in negative
  values for `y_true` will raise an error.
  :pr:`22710` by :user:`Conroy Trinh <trinhcon>` and
  :pr:`23461` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`.

- |Fix| automatically set `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss` depending on the input
  arrays. `eps` was previously too small by default when passing lower precision
  floating point arrays.
  :pr:`24354` by :user:`Safiuddin Khaja <Safikh>` and

>   :user:`gsiisg <gsiisg>`

Reviewer: The changelog entry should reflect that you are adding a new keyword option to `eps` and changing the default value of `eps`.

  :pr:`22710` by :user:`Conroy Trinh <trinhcon>` and
  :pr:`23461` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`.

> - |Fix| :func:`metrics.logloss` takes "auto" as default eps value and it will be equal to
>   eps value of the `y_pred` if `y_pred` is numpy float else it will be 1e-15. This change was
>   made to be able to handle float16 and float32 numpy arrays

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |Fix| automatically set `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss` depending on the input
  arrays. `eps` was previously too small by default when passing lower precision
  floating point arrays.
```

Reviewer 2: We should also add an entry in the "Change models" section stating that we switch from `1e-15` to `np.finfo(np.float64).eps` by default.

Author: Where is the "Change models" section in the codebase?

>   :pr:`24354` by :user:`Safiuddin Khaja <Safikh>`

Reviewer 2: COuld you also acknowledge @gsiisg since he also open and reported the error?
It is a bit unfortunate that we have 2 PRs.

- |Fix| Allows `csr_matrix` as input for parameter: `y_true` of
   the :func:`metrics.label_ranking_average_precision_score` metric.
   :pr:`23442` by :user:`Sean Atukorala <ShehanAT>`

- |Fix| :func:`metrics.ndcg_score` will now trigger a warning when the `y_true`
  value contains a negative value. Users may still use negative values, but the
  result may not be between 0 and 1. Starting in v1.4, passing in negative
  values for `y_true` will raise an error.
  :pr:`22710` by :user:`Conroy Trinh <trinhcon>` and
  :pr:`23461` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`.

> - |Fix| automatically set `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss` depending on the input
>   arrays. `eps` was previously too small by default when passing lower precision
>   floating point arrays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |Fix| add a `"auto"` option to `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss`.
  This option will automatically set the `eps` value depending on the data
  type `y_pred`.
```

Reviewer 2: We need to duplicate this entry in l.39 on the top of this file.

Author: What is I.39?

  :pr:`22710` by :user:`Conroy Trinh <trinhcon>` and
  :pr:`23461` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`.

> - |Fix| add a `"auto"` option to `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss`.
>   This option will automatically set the `eps` value depending on the data
>   type `y_pred`.

Reviewer: At this point I would consider this an enhancement which also happens to fix a bug. Wondering what the maintainers think.

```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Adds an `"auto"` option to `eps` in :func:`metrics.logloss`.
  This option will automatically set the `eps` value depending on the data
  type of `y_pred`. In addition, the default value of `eps` is changed from
  `1e-15` to the new `"auto"` option.
```

Reviewer 2: Fair enough.
